Designed by Bjarne Stroustrup

-> More control over system resources
-> control over Memory management 
-> High performance 

-> # major update:
    1. C++11 -- came in 2011
    2. C++14 -- came in 2014
    3. C++17 -- came in 2017
    4. C++20 -- came in 2020

#include<iostream>
using namespace std;
int main()
{
    // std::cout << "hello world";
    cout << "hello world";
    return 0;
}

<< -- this is called insertion operator

1. Automatic 
2. Typecasting

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## The std Namespace
* Standard C++ defines its entire library in its own namespace called std. This is the reason that most of the programs in this book include the following statement:
    using namespace std;
* This causes the std namespace to be brought into the current namespace, which gives you direct access to the names of the functions and classes defined within the library without having to qualify each one with std::. 
* Of course, you can explicitly qualify each name with std:: if you like.

## Namespace
* The namespace keyword allows you to partition the global namespace by creating a declarative region.
* In essence, a namespace defines a scope. The general form of namespace is shown here:

namespace name{
    // declarations
}

* Anything defined within a namespace statement is within the scope of that namespace.
* There is one difference between a class definition and a namespace definition. That is.. 
* The namespace is concluded with a closing brace but no terminating semicolon.

namespace A
{
    int m;
    void display(int n)
    {
        cout<<n;
    }
}
----------------------
| using namespace A; |
| m=100; //OK        |
| display(200); //OK |
--------------------------------------------------
| using namespace A::m;                          |
| m=100; //OK                                    |
| display(200); // NOT OK, display is not visible|
--------------------------------------------------

In general, to access a member of a namespace from outside its namespace, precede the member's name
with the name of the namespace followed by the scope resolution operator.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Exception Handling

# Two common types of error in a program are:>
1) <Syntax_error> (arises due to missing semicolon, comma, and wrong prog. constructs etc)
2) <Logical_error> (wrong understanding of the problem or wrong procedure to get the solution)

* ==> Exceptions
-> Exceptions are the errors occurred during a program execution. 

* ==> Exceptions are of two types:
1) Synchronous (generated by software i.e. division by 0, array bound etc).
2) Asynchronous (generated by hardware i.e. out of memory, keyboard etc).

## Exception handling mechanism
* C++ exception handling mechanism is basically built upon three keywords namely, try, throw and
catch.
* Try block hold a block of statements which may generate an exception.
* When an exception is detected, it is thrown using a throw statement in the try block.
* A try block can be followed by any number of catch blocks

## The general form of try and catch block is as follows:
try
{
    /* try block; throw exception*/
}
catch (type1 arg)
{
    /* catch block*/
}
catch (type2 arg)
{
    /* catch block*/
}

